First things to do:

Player class (Controls the player and also scrolls through some sprites)
First map (What I'm planning to do for this is just blit an image but have like hitboxes (hitboxes as rect))
Player and NPC dialogue system (When you walk into a NPC's range a textbox appears)

    How to use sprites (Tutorial by Jasoni)
    Go to https://piskelapp.com
    Click Resize (on right hand side of screen)
    Make it 16x whatever. Just make sure one of these values are 16, or a multiple of 16
    To export, click Export, and put the scale to 4.0x
    Choose your export settings and done

General Storyline

Player (We ask for their name)
Player goes and walks around an area

When player meets Jax:
Jax: "Hey! I'm Jax, persona for the user Jaqarx, formerly known as draqarim." 
Jax: "With this little thing of a game, basically run around the map and talk to other npcs."
Jax: "See what stories they can tell you! I'll be here if you need any help."
Jax: "Goodluck (player name)!"

When player meets Ace:
Ace: "H- h- ey!"
Ace: "Sor- ryy I'm vvv- vv- eeeer- rryy glitcchy."
Ace: "Jaaaqqaa- rrrxx made me forrrrr a pro- je- je- ject but neglecte- d me."
Ace: "It's okayyy though, I'mm go- ooi- nnn- g to get re- wwor- kke- d."
Ace: "Best if youuu le- a- aa- v- e mmeee, havin- g technic- al di- ff- ffi- culti- e- s."

When player meets Kwar:
Kwar: "RAuaUGHHSS!!"

When player meets Park:
Park: "Hey! I'm Park."
Park: "I am the exact replica of the person who made this game,"
Park: "Along with Ace here. We are the self inserts of the game."
Park: "That's a bad thing? Oh well... I mean, we're gonna get scrapped anyways..."

Player chooses: "I'm sorry..."
    Park: "Oh no! Don't be sorry. We will still be here for you.
Player chooses: "Why?"
    Park: "Well... as you saw with Ace..."
    Park: "The devs are too busy to maintain us.

Park: "Anyways, you should better get going. Have fun!"

When player meets :


Todo: Asian Wok Web Project

Four pages (for now:)

Home
    (Includes a picture, buttons to go to Menu, our hours, phone number for calling,
    make sure to add our signature "NO MSG" LMAO)
Menu 
    (I gotta whip up some fancy graphic design to make them a new menu cause our 
    menu (sorry dad) looks awful lmao)
Delivery
    (Brings them to a page where they can choose between our delivery portals
    (Grubhub, BeyondMenu, some other one that I forgot))
Contact
    (Talks about our resturant, may or may not credit ourselves 0-0)

Some things to add probably: The bottom bar (I'll show you Enrica)